`azurerm_[linux|windows]_[function|web]_app[_slot]` - `default_provider` values documented (#21400)
hashicorp/terraform-provider-azurerm: website/docs/r/linux_function_app.html.markdown

* `unauthenticated_action` - (Optional) The action to take for requests made without authentication. Possible values include `RedirectToLoginPage`, `AllowAnonymous`, `Return401`, and `Return403`. Defaults to `RedirectToLoginPage`.

> * `default_provider` - (Optional) The Default Authentication Provider to use when more than one Authentication Provider is configured and the `unauthenticated_action` is set to `RedirectToLoginPage`. Possible values include the standard providers (`apple`, `azureactivedirectory`, `facebook`, `github`, `google`, `twitter`) and the `name` of your `custom_oidc_v2` provider.

Reviewer: to match the schema suggestion above, and add a note about the effect of this value
```suggestion
* `default_provider` - (Optional) The Default Authentication Provider to use when the `unauthenticated_action` is set to `RedirectToLoginPage`. Possible values include: `aad`, `apple`, `facebook`, `github`, `google`, `microsoftaccount`, `twitter` and the `name` of your `custom_oidc_v2` provider.

~> **NOTE:** Whilst any value will be accepted by the API for `default_provider`, it can leave the app in an unusable state if this value does not correspond to the name of a known provider (either built-in value, or custom_oidc name) as it is used to build the auth endpoint URI.
```

Author: For now:
```suggestion
* `default_provider` - (Optional) The Default Authentication Provider to use when the `unauthenticated_action` is set to `RedirectToLoginPage`. Possible values include: `apple`, `azureactivedirectory`, `facebook`, `github`, `google`, `twitter` and the `name` of your `custom_oidc_v2` provider.

~> **NOTE:** Whilst any value will be accepted by the API for `default_provider`, it can leave the app in an unusable state if this value does not correspond to the name of a known provider (either built-in value, or custom_oidc name) as it is used to build the auth endpoint URI.
```
